"Love is All"
"Episode 14"
"Justice for the writer,
Shao Feng's date with Ru Yi"
-Sir, why are you here?
-Ling Yin.
Why are you here?
I drugged the guards.
They won't wake up for another hour.
You need to leave.
We don't know why they arrested me.
What if they caught you in here
and use me as leverage?
I can't leave if you keep grabbing me.
Is that so?
I am sorry for this.
When I first came working
at the District Bureau,
I just wanted material for my books.
I never thought so many lives
would be at stake.
This is not our fault.
Someone was already after their lives.
We didn't make it in time
to save them.
Even after I started working
at the District Bureau,
I brought nothing but trouble
Maybe you are right.
I am not suited for this job.
Can I lean on your shoulder?
I feel cold.
I just need a shoulder to lean on.
I feel cold too.
Ling Yin.
I could tell.
You really are afraid this time.
I am sorry.
You are here because of me.
But have faith in me.
The Tang Fei Long in your book
could do anything,
but his namesake in real life...
will not let you down either.
I believe in you.
I know you won't ask for a payback.
You won't mind that I used you
for my stories.
Now is not the time for petty feud.
I'll deal with you after we got home.
You are sleeping during your shift?
This is outrageous!
Sir, you need to go. Someone is here.
-Just go.
-Don't worry.
You will leave this place...
with your name cleared.
I must go now.
That joyous look on your face,
that look in your eyes,
you were clearly with a girl.
If you are so keen in your duty
as the Commissioner,
Tongling's crime rate
would be much lower.
I am not like you.
If I were to choose between
success and woman,
I would choose the later.
Yes, I would choose to have woman too.
And speaking of you,
I ordered you to bring me the books.
What do we have here now?
We had a foot bath together.
You two were in love
with the same woman.
-That's right.
-Don't be so calculating.
That's right.
How much did he pay you?
Is that how you see me?
That's right.
Isn't that so, Commissioner Zheng?
Fine, he did pay me.
Do you know how to beat
a drum and make an appeal?
Preceptor Tan.
It's only been a few days and
you've committed a heinous crime.
In terms of cruelty,
you are just as cruel as
any man could be.
Sir.
Your cunningness is just as
treacherous as a girl could be.
Insolence!
I was doing just fine in Tongling.
What makes you think I came here
just to kill a man?
I saw it!
It was you!
You killed my husband!
Madam.
Don't go back on your conscience.
I don't even know you.
But I know you.
My husband...
worked his way to Chizhou
through hard work.
He did so by running
a printing service.
We may be just a printing service,
but he had always wanted
to become a writer.
But no one could see his talent.
You were going through his drafts.
It was you...
who asked him to
hand over the story...
and promised to pay him 500 taels!
500 taels?
You are even better at making up
stories than I am.
You should become a writer yourself.
Sir, I witnessed the whole thing
two nights ago.
She was having a fight
with my husband.
She resorted to vile means.
She killed my husband!
Please, I need justice.
My husband deserved to have justice.
Tan Ling Yin.
What do you have to say?
What is the evidence?
Do you have any evidence?
Show it to her.
Why do you have this?
We have both the witness
and the evidence.
Sir, halt!
Sir.
Zhu Da Cong?
Sir, I am Zhu Da Cong.
My father is the Governor of Jinan.
I came here to make an appeal...
so that my bride could
be proven innocent.
Sir, please have a look.
Sir, these are the most
commonly used words...
that appears in
Miao Miao Sheng's books.
Silly, fool, and naughty.
They each appears 63 times,
52 times and 87 times in the books.
In Tang Fei Long's Mystery...
they each appears 11 times, 15 times
and 32 time respectively.
The tones of the storylines
may be different,
but the way of narrative...
still bears the writing style
of Miao Miao Sheng.
The lines are mean and overbearing.
The male protagonist is
shameless and pretentious.
This is a writing unique only
to Miao Miao Sheng's work.
Not bad.
Those who are hired could
easily copy the style.
Copying is nothing special these days.
Sir, you accused my bride of murder.
The victim was tall and strong.
My bride here is almost too
feeble for any sort of fighting.
How was she able to...
strangle the victim from behind
and stab his neck...
with a hairpin thrusted
by brute force?
That's right.
Those skilled in martial art...
have a way to conceal their
mastery in fighting.
Okay, just get to the point.
How much do I have to pay
to bail my bride out?
Guards.
This man here is trying to bribe me.
Take him outside and grant him
30 heavy beatings.
No!
Tang Fei Long only
gave me 15 beatings.
You are giving me double?
60 beatings!
Wait!
You are the Governor.
You won't look at the evidence
and refuse to hear us out.
My bride here only had a minor dispute
with that old man.
So you accuse her of his murder?
I should tell my father
about this injustice.
You mean to say...
you witnessed the fight between
Tan Ling Yin and Master Liu?
Yes, I saw it at the doorstep
of Gu Tang Workroom.
Very well.
Tan Ling Yin.
Because of her jealousy for
Miao Miao Sheng's talent,
she murdered the man and
wished to take over the fame.
For this case,
both witness and evidence are present.
I hereby sentence her...
guilty of murder and must be
punished with execution!
No!
-Zhu Da Cong.
-Hold on!
What took you so long? Save her.
Master Tang.
Even if you are in love with her,
this is still considered
an abuse of authority.
Lord Zong.
You have known to be wise.
You can't ruin your reputation
because of false judgement.
My husband!
You stole his body!
-This is madness!
-We apologize.
To find the truth,
we need your husband to show it.
The fatal wound is at the neck.
The mark is very deep and clear.
The skin even cracked open.
This is not something a mere girl
could have done.
Besides,
look at his hands.
The skin is smooth and delicate.
There is no sign of callus.
Those are clearly not
the hands of a writer.
Now let's have a look...
at Tan Ling Yin's hands.
She has been living on her own
away from her family.
She has to work day and night...
writing books to make a living.
Day or night
winter or spring, rain or sunshine,
she never stops writing.
So her hands are covered in calluses.
And these hands...
show that she is a true writer.
Rumour of her hiring another writer...
is absurd at best.
Sir!
What now?
-Sir?
-Guards?
This woman attempted to deceive me.
She framed an
innocent girl for murder.
Put her into prison.
Sir!
Your name is clear, why the long face?
Sir.
Thank you for saving my life.
I will do anything I could
to repay your kindness.
You already owe me
too much to begin with.
So what then?
Okay, I can do anything you want.
But what I have in mind...
might be too complicated for you.
You are silly after all.
Look! Miao Miao Sheng is here!
Miao Miao Sheng!
I know you care about
your readers the most.
I know you are concerned
about the rumours.
You are afraid of losing their trust.
So I brought them here.
Miao Miao Sheng! We love you!
You are an outstanding writer.
But I am not a good Preceptor.
You are when I think you are.
Master Miao.
Please come up here.
Share your thoughts with the readers.
Yes!
-Go on.
-Miao Miao Sheng!
-Let's go.
The stage is yours, Master Miao.
Welcome, Master Miao.
Miao Miao Sheng, we love you!
Ladies.
I am the Miao Miao Sheng
who has been writing the books.
I don't have much
thoughts to share with you,
that's because I started writing just
to make some decent money.
But your books are great!
I didn't know so many of you like me.
But because of your support,
I realize that even a girl
can pursue her own career.
Thank you for supporting me.
You will always have our support.
-You have our support.
-So the girls...
are just as great as the men.
Yes! That is right!
I owe someone my gratitude.
I had caused him plenty of troubles.
But he tolerates me unconditionally.
He let me realize...
what it's like to be in love.
-That is so romantic.
-So sweet!
But he can be too full of himself.
He think I am a fool
who knows nothing.
But I know everything.
I saw it when you were trying
to hide a smile.
I saw it when you were humming a tune.
I heard it when you couldn't help it
and said the word"darling".
I am not a fool, I know it all.
Tang Fei Long, are you
in love with me?
My goodness!
There are so many witnesses here.
Don't you back out on me.
If you ever need anything,
just let me know.
I will do anything I could
to repay you.
-It's all right.
-You don't have to.
Just stop causing us any trouble.
Fine, let's drink.
The bill is on me today.
Take it as my token of gratitude.
-Thank you.
Cong Shun, Da Wang, and Xiao Liu.
Thank you for standing out for me.
The way you drew your blades
is so cool.
Of course it looked cool,
but we didn't do much to rescue you.
I appreciate it, so just
accept my thanks.
And I must thank you as well.
Although your statement
during the trial was absurd,
and it almost got me executed,
however,
seeing that you rushed all
the way to Chizhou for me,
I shall forgive you for
having a crush on me.
This is not over yet,
so I don't need forgiveness.
Cheers.
Where is our hero of the day?
District Aide Zhou and Master Tang
are personally escorting...
the woman who framed Preceptor Tan.
I think...
he will only be back by afternoon.
Master Tang's love
for Preceptor Tan...
is beyond any measurement.
Those who dare to harm her...
will pay dearly for it.
Master Tang would even
go so far as to...
personally escorting the prisoner.
Er Tong, bring the wine.
Someone might be planning to kill
the old lady.
What?
It's nothing, let's drink.
We'll drink the day away.
Preceptor Tan, it's brand daylight.
We should...
While the Magistrate is away,
the Preceptor is in charge.
-Cheers.
-Come, cheers.
-Preceptor Tan wants us to drink.
-Come.
Sir!
Sir, you are back.
Master Tang is back.
He is back.
Don't you have to work today?
No, I am not at work.
Why are you yelling?
-Have you seen the Preceptor?
-The Preceptor?
She is at the backyard.
I'll take you to him.
Who is asking for me?
Tang Fei Long.
Why were you drinking
at broad daylight?
How much did you drink?
You got drunk after
a couple of drink?
A couple of bottles!
I'll make you some hangover soup.
I have to go now.
Tang Fei Long, do you plead guilty?
I didn't drink anything.
How am I guilty?
You are bullying me.
When did I ever bully you?
You are picking on me.
Do you plead guilty?
So how should I be punished?
I want to bite you.
You want to bite me?
Like this?
Are you sober now?
Stop right there.
-Commissioner Zheng.
-I am going to catch you!
How much wine did you drink,
Commissioner Zheng?
Brother Zhou.
You are here.
While Master Tang is not around,
Maybe we could be partner in crimes.
You haven't tried...
what a fresh koi tastes like.
No? Let me catch you one.
No, don't do it!
They are Master Tang's pet!
Don't eat them!
Preceptor Tan ate
the other fish anyway.
Come on and have a look. Look at it.
See?
Look at it.
It's swimming all alone just like me.
I should give it a swift death.
No! What if Master Tang finds out?
Stay still!
I am drunk anyway.
I am drunk I could do anything.
So,
why do I feel like...
Miss Ru Yi...
is right next to me?
Brother Zhou,
you and your cousin look so similar.
I am so confused.
We are relative after all.
Of course we look alike.
I want to ask her out.
But...
I am afraid she would
think I am annoying.
Brother Zhou, it's hard to be a man.
You...
Do you really think so?
Yes.
I am taking her out for an hunt.
I want her to see...
just how dashing I can be.
Maybe...
Maybe I could...
impress her.
But look at Miss Ru Yi.
She looks so thin and frail.
There is no way she would
like to go hunting.
No, she wouldn't like it.
She would like it.
Really?
Brother Zhou, do you really mean it?
You could give it a try.
That is great. I should get sober.
I am going to ask her out.
Commissioner Zheng.
I have to go now.
Sister.
This will help with the hangover.
Drink it.
Do you have something to say to me?
No.
I wan to say...
I am sorry.
I make you worry again.
If it were before this,
I would have yelled and lectured you.
But I am just glad that
you came back in one piece.
Finish the soup.
Wipe your mouth.
How could I forget this?
Sir!
Sir, please wait.
Slow down.
I forgot to mention this.
I met Sang Jie's
servant in the prison.
-He left a clue for us before he died.
-What is it?
He knew I am a Preceptor.
He didn't trust anyone in Chizhou.
He knew he would die anyway.
So he wrote the word...
-"Jin" for me.
-Old Jin?
Yes, that's him.
If we search for that man,
does that mean we could find the gold?
It's a blessing to have you with me.
Sir.
Come back.
It's okay. I am just about to leave.
Where are you going?
Drought at the neighbouring district.
Many refugees have entered Tongling.
-We need to make arrangement.
-Yes.
If the refugees need food,
I know how to help.
Sir, I have to go.
Where are you going?
-I must check on the refugees!
-I told you I can help!
So,
it's not like you get to
hunt with me every day,
but this rain ruined everything.
You are drenched,
take off your clothes.
But...
We are all alone on this mountainside.
This is embarrassing.
Come here.
-Never mind.
-Come here.
Stop it, I think this is too much
for me to handle.
Take it off.
Here, put this on.
It would be bad if you catch a cold.
Tianmu Mountain is a weird place.
Master Tang and Preceptor Tan ran
into danger twice here.
It's like fate...
is trying to put couples in danger.
You seem very close with him.
Have you known each other
for a long time?
Of course.
We grew up together.
He has always been the genius.
When it comes to knowledge,
he is the best in school.
But I am different.
I fight, skip classes
and prank the teacher.
If it wasn't for him,
I would still be a student.
But he looks like a prideful person,
you two don't have much in common.
You are right about that.
When we first met,
I was so annoyed by his arrogant face.
Then one day after school,
I tried to tie him up.
We fought all the way to
the mountain side.
Then?
That day is just like today.
We were stuck on this mountain.
We were both starving.
So we set out difference aside.
We caught ourselves a chicken.
Miss Ru Yi.
Seeing this chicken is all alone here,
maybe we could...
"Miao Sheng Parlour"
We have no customers.
This is a bad day.
After making so much money,
it's time to give back.
You saw it yourself.
Supernumerary Sun died
inside my premise.
The big shots are not coming any more.
I...
is at the brink of losing money.
The son of Governor of Jinan
is complaining about money.
I am not complaining.
It's because of you.
My father wrote me so many letters...
I have enough of them for firewood.
Because of the three-month
promise with you,
I am doing my best
to run this business.
My father is upset with that
so he cut off my allowance.
My bride.
What if one day...
I were to become as poor
as a beggar,
would you still be with me?
That depends on our relationship then.
Well, you know...
Forget it, whether you are rich
or poor as a beggar,
I will never be with you.
My heart belongs to Master Tang.
What is so great about him?
If I return to my parents...
-Are you helping or not?
-Yes, sure.
If Tang Fei Long could do it,
there is nothing I couldn't do.
If I have to give up
Miao Sheng Parlour,
I would still help you out.
Thank you, I appreciate this.
Cheer up, you are not short
on money anyway.
This is delicious.
You should try it too.
This is marvellous.
Commissioner Zheng.
If there were no way out for us,
would you give up on your
chances and accept your fate,
or would you fight to have a chance
for the better?
In desperate situation,
safety comes first.
You get the drumstick.
Does it mean we are a couple now?
What else could it be?
But you never said
anything nice to me.
Do you want to hear it?
You are all I see.
And?
Since your giant face
is blocking my view,
I can't see anything else.
My face is perfectly slim and thin.
If you pick on me again, I would...
-What would you do?
-I would...
I would give you a giant hug of love.
Tell me.
Where were you yesterday?
I am not telling you.
I can help you with the refugees.
Don't worry about it.
Just carry on with your investigation.
You can let me handle
the refugee relief.
Don't worry about it.
That is exactly why I am worried.
Every time you told me not to worry,
something bad always happen.
That is not true.
Sir.
There is a mob of refugees
outside Miao Sheng Parlour.
Should we go and subdue the situation?
What is going on?
Everyone, I am the Preceptor
from District Bureau.
Miao Sheng Parlour is indeed
giving out free food.
May I know what caused the unease?
Please help me understand.
Food? Does this look
like food to you?
Yes, see for yourself
what this junk is.
Everyone, please calm down.
I understand your situation,
I'll do my best to resolve the issue.
-Wait here.
-Where is she going?
Where did she go?
Hurry up and get it done.
We can't let our customers down.
-Zhu Da Cong!
-Fine, enough.
My bride.
-What's wrong?
-You promise free porridge for all.
So why are you giving them bland soup?
My bride, hear me out.
My father is the Governor,
I've seen my fair share
of charity works...
and how it works.
This is just for show, nothing more.
A portion of rice and
ten portions of water.
The taste is bland enough
and it fills the stomach.
You don' say,
these refugees are
helping my business.
With the long cue of them...
outside my front door,
the foreign caravan would see them...
and think the food here is
too special to miss.
So they booked my whole restaurant.
Tell me,
the refugees are humans
and you are feeding them water!
My bride.
When hunger takes over the mind,
no one would be picky on food.
I am letting them have
the food meant for VIPs.
You can't blame me.
The customers only order the food...
just to make them look rich.
They mostly don't even eat the food.
See?
The food is intact.
If I serve the customers the food,
I must reheat the food...
and that costs money as well.
This is too good a deal for them.
Do you see how nice I am?
Zhu Da Cong.
People are born equal.
Without your status,
you are just like them.
I thought you were just stubborn.
Now I see how shallow
and arrogant you are.
You can't say that about me.
I am...
I did what I could and helped you out.
Why must you be so mean to me?
Because you have no conscience
and you are blinded by greed!
No, I am not doing any shady deal.
Fine, what can I do to
make up for you?
You gave me your word.
Come in.
-Let's go inside!
-Let's go.
-Quick, there is food!
-Let's eat!
Let's have some food!
Master Tang.
-Over here!
-I'll sit here.
Hurry up, let's go.
You didn't pay!
Stop right there!
Everyone, enjoy your food.
-Thank you.
-Don't mention it.
Thanks to you,
I got to have a delicious chicken.
If you ever get upset again,
let me know.
I know how to enjoy
the finer things in life.
This is unbelievable.
This is unacceptable!
-I am so sorry, sir.
-Unacceptable!
I am so sorry.
-This is outrageous!
-I am sorry.
I am so sorry.
Miss Ru Yi.
So what if Miao Sheng Parlour...
has to be closed,
would you be taken into custody?
That would be good.
I could pull some strings...
and make you mine.
I am not an object.
Miss Ru Yi.
Commissioner Zheng.
Where have you been all day?
-What's wrong?
-Where were you?
-What?
-We have work to do.
-Let's go.
-Where are we going?
-Come with us.
Er Tong?
-Did they pay?
-No.
Served you right.
As long you are happy, my bride.
-Let's go.
-As long as you are happy.
I can walk, don't drag me.
Miao Sheng Parlour's business
is doing well.
Why is it losing money?
Zhu Da Cong is making up
for his past mistake.
-Keep an eye on them.
-What does that mean?
Preceptor Tan just treated
all the refugees to a feast.
No way, she is not that generous.
They ate 50 taels worth of food,
then another costs 300 taels.
-300 taels?
-But...
Women are so terrifying.
She plays with your heart,
then she empties your bank.
Don't be absurd.
I didn't force him to do it.
I can't let you lose too much money.
My father is the governor.
I don't need your money.
This is meant for the refugees.
I'll keep this for you.
Let me know later
if you need something.
-Eat while you can.
-Sure, carry on.
You seems very happy with
the refugee relief.
Of course I am.
We only aid those in immediate need.
We can't just give them aid
for the rest of their lives.
It's not my style to leave
them to their fate.
We need to help if we can.
As long as the conscience is clear.
Anyway, I have you watching my back.
I am not going to clean up your mess.
Stop denying it.
Where did you send Zheng Shao Feng?
There are works at
the District Bureau.
There are plenty of works for him.
I overheard it.
You are relocating the poor
of Tongling and the refugees...
to a new shelter.
They are going to get registered
and be given incentives.
It won't be much but
enough for them to survive.
Preceptor, eavesdropping
is not good.
You can have this as my apology.
Forget it, I am eating it.
Hold on.
Isn't this you always write about?
Why are you used to it in real life?
Qing Chen?